Release/4.2.0 (#146)
RevenueCat/purchases-unity: CHANGELOG.latest.md

### API Changes

> * `StoreTransaction`: `RevenueCatId` and `ProductId` have been deprecated in favor of `TransactionIdentifier` and `ProductIdentifier` respectively.

Reviewer: when did these happen? There's no link to the PR

Author: Right, the PR is still open and I added this manually: https://github.com/RevenueCat/purchases-unity/pull/145. Will add the link to the PR

### Bugfixes
* Fix example compatibility with Unity 2020 (#139) via Andy Boedo (@aboedo)
### Other Changes
* Subtester: Fix unity android export (#142) via Andy Boedo (@aboedo)

> * Update AMAZON-INSTRUCTIONS.md (#143) via Andy Boedo (@aboedo)

Reviewer: can we maybe add a big callout warning folks using Unity IAP side-by-side with RevenueCat to ensure they update to 4.4.0+ if they're using this version?

Author: Good callout! And done!

> ### Important changes
> Starting with this version you need to update to Unity IAP 4.4.0+ if you are using Unity IAP together with RevenueCat in your project. We removed support for older versions of Unity IAP since it upgraded to Android billing client 4.

Reviewer: Couple of small notes: 
- adding how to update
- clarifying that they can still use older versions if needed
- not going into detail about billing client 4, it's kind of into the weeds for Unity devs

```suggestion

### ⚠️ Important: If you're using RevenueCat along with Unity IAP side-by-side ⚠️
Starting with this version you need to use Unity IAP 4.4.0+ if you are using Unity IAP together with RevenueCat in your project. You can update from Unity Package Manager.

If you need to use an older version of Unity IAP, you can continue to use purchases-unity < 4.2.0. 
```

Author: Ahh yeah, that's much better. Thanks for writing it out!
